Change to use trunk-based development model instead of GitFLow (#32)
IRNAS/irnas-guidelines-docs: docs/github_projects_guidelines.md

## Branching model 🌲

<p align="center">
  <img src="../images/trunk-based-development.png" alt="trunk" width=800 ><br><br>
    <i>Trunk-based development branching model, source: <a href="https://statusneo.com/trunk-based-development/">StatusNeo</a></i><br>

</p>

The IRNAS's Git branching model is based on the [Trunk-based development]
branching model with some minor differences.

### Key concepts

#### Trunk aka. `main`

Each repository has a single long-lived, default, branch named `main`.

> There are two rules that should be followed when adding new code to the `main`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two rules that should be followed when adding new code to `main`:
```

> - It should **never break the build** (whatever _build_ means for a specific
>   repository). Bugs should be caught by the CI or by code reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It should **never break the build** (whatever _build_ means for a specific
  repository). Bugs should be caught by CI or by code reviews.
```

- `main` should **always be release ready**, even if there is work in progress.
  Functionalities that might need some more development time to become useful

>   should not be included in the build until they are ready.

Reviewer: Maybe add some examples of how to achieve this.

For example, by either not merging a feature branch until it is ready. Not including unfinished files in CMake, ...

Author: Added.

Those two rules can sometimes be hard to follow in practice due to many internal
and external factors. If a deviation from those two rules happens effort should

> be made to bring the `main` branch into the correct state.

Author: Yep, that is better, applied the commit.

> New code can be added to the `main` in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New code can be added to `main` in two ways:
```

- either by committing to it directly, or
- in the form of feature branches.

#### Feature branches

A few things should be kept in mind when working with feature branches:

> - They should be focused on accomplishing one small thing.

Reviewer: What is **small**? How do you quantify it?

> - They should take up to 1 day of work to complete and to open Pull Request back
>   into the `main` branch for the code review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- They should take up to 1 day of work to complete.
- Once complete, a Pull Request into `main` should be created for the code review.
```

About the "1 day of work" thing. Maybe add some text here explaining that larger work must be split into smaller tasks, that are planned to take up to 1 day of work.
Also, there are some that will take more than 1 day, and can not further be split (like bug-hunts for example) - how do we handle those?

### Creating releases

> Since we are following the [trunk-based development] branching model, a GitHub
> release is created directly from a commit that was tagged with release tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we are following the [trunk-based development] branching model, a GitHub
release is created directly from a commit that was tagged with the release tag.
```
